Improve logs for dev command (#91)
liteflow-labs/liteflow-js: packages/cli/CHANGELOG.md

  - Logs for services' events
  - Better log display
- [#88](https://github.com/liteflow-labs/liteflow-js/pull/88) Improve detection of processes in the `dev` and `deploy` commands

> - [#](https://github.com/liteflow-labs/liteflow-js/pull/) Normalize logs for the `dev` command. All processing is displayed standard logs.

Author: ```suggestion
- [#91](https://github.com/liteflow-labs/liteflow-js/pull/91) Normalize logs for the `dev` command. All processing is displayed standard logs.
```

  - Logs for services' events
  - Better log display
- [#88](https://github.com/liteflow-labs/liteflow-js/pull/88) Improve detection of processes in the `dev` and `deploy` commands

> - [#91](https://github.com/liteflow-labs/liteflow-js/pull/91) Normalize logs for the `dev` command. All processing is displayed standard logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#91](https://github.com/liteflow-labs/liteflow-js/pull/91) Normalize logs for the `dev` command. All processes are displaying standard logs.
```
